see New York I started going out with
Chris I was completely utterly hooked we
pretended that summer would last forever
like the future didn't even exist after
all we were in loved you're distracting
me
no that's good only good oh it's great
only great perfect
give Raya hug for me yeah
[Music]
don't let me do it let me do it stop how
you feeling you're right where's Chris
they tried right who's Chris
[Music]
you know you did right you left somebody
behind these memories they're all that I
have left you look good baby
only good something are you hearing
things never mind
I hear your voice everywhere I go come
on Chris was your eyes
[Music]
you make it really feel he's right here
he's dead this isn't good for your eyes
listen to me Riley I can't see you
because I mean I see your face I see
Chris Horton Riya we have to stop you
don't get to decide that I'm not losing
you
[Music]
love you right